WEATHER ON THIS KINDLE

Open Weather in the Kindle Library to start the wall display.
On a fresh installation, enter your ZIP using the on-screen keyboard.
No ZIP is preset. Connect to Wi-Fi in Kindle Settings before beginning setup.
A new device runs a one-time one-minute sleep/wake check, then asks you to
press Power to finish verification. Weather starts after successful setup.
It gets weather directly over your saved Wi-Fi network. No computer is needed.
The frontlight is off, Wi-Fi is off between updates, and the Kindle sleeps
while the e-ink holds the weather image.

TODAY'S WEATHER
Shows the city, current conditions and current temperature at the top.
Today's low is on the left and high on the right beneath that, followed by
the hourly forecast and active National Weather Service
alerts for your ZIP. Times use the ZIP's time zone. Opening Weather gets fresh
data; after that it refreshes each clock hour, including midnight.

HOURLY FORECAST
The bottom strip shows the next six hours: time, weather symbol, temperature
and precipitation chance. It moves forward at each hourly refresh.
Current outdoor temperature appears below the current conditions.
Forecast and alert data also refresh during that hourly connection.
This is not a bedroom temperature sensor.

CHANGE ZIP
Press the power button once to leave Weather and return to the Library.
Open Weather Settings. Use the on-screen keyboard:
1 + Enter: type a new five-digit US ZIP, then Enter.
Q + Enter: save and close.
Two-finger tap opens kTerm's menu, which also has Quit.
Reopen Weather to start the wall display with your saved settings.
Connect to a new network in the Kindle's normal Wi-Fi settings before starting.

OFFLINE
The last successful weather stays visible. A failed forecast connection shows
a small failure message. Dates and update times are saved internally.
Alerts appear only when active; checks happen each hour.

CHARGING AND RESTARTS
Press the power button to leave Weather before connecting to a computer.
The first successful launch installs a small automatic startup job.
After a restart, Weather opens after the Kindle's normal startup finishes.
Pressing Power to leave Weather keeps you in the Library until you open Weather
again or restart the Kindle. The startup job runs only once per kernel boot.
Startup installation status is saved in /mnt/us/weather/state/boot-install.txt.
To disable automatic startup from a Kindle root terminal:
mntroot rw; rm /etc/upstart/paperwhite-weather.conf; mntroot ro
Battery readings are saved locally with each refresh so endurance can be measured.
A small warning appears at the bottom when the battery reading is below 20%.
The battery is checked at each weather refresh, including when Weather opens.
A small "Charged" line appears at 100% while connected to power.
Charge status updates with the weather, rather than continuously.

SETUP CHECKS
A fresh installation checks forecast access, one-minute sleep, timed wake,
Wi-Fi reconnect and power-button input while awake. The layout has been used
on a Paperwhite 3. Automatic startup installation has been verified, but an
actual restart into Weather, Power wake from deep sleep and battery endurance
still need physical confirmation.

FILES ON THE KINDLE
/mnt/us/weather (app, saved ZIP, cached data and battery log)
/mnt/us/extensions/kterm (keyboard for settings)
/mnt/us/documents/Weather.sh
/mnt/us/documents/Weather Settings.sh

INSTALLING ON ANOTHER DEVICE
Use the fresh-install archive, which includes app files and the settings
keyboard but no personal ZIP, cached weather or device verification marker.
Extract it to the Kindle's USB root, safely eject, and open Weather.
The current hardware checks target Paperwhite 3 on firmware 5.16.2.1.1.
The new device must already have a working jailbreak and scriptlet launcher,
with firmware updates blocked. Other Kindle models need their own hardware
support and sleep/wake verification before this app can run safely.

Weather: Open-Meteo. Alerts: US National Weather Service.
ZIP lookup: Zippopotam.us. US time zone files: IANA time zone database,
public domain, copied from the setup Mac's installed database.
Temperatures are Fahrenheit; precipitation totals are inches.
Display font: Liberation Sans 2.1.5, SIL Open Font License (fonts/LICENSE).
Weather symbols: Noto Sans Symbols 2, SIL Open Font License (fonts/Noto-LICENSE).
